I'm Jacob white I play lead tenor in the
jazzman of America to me it's probably a
life-changing thing
the most important thing about this
entire festival is that it brings
composers and artists conductors into
the same room as the young kids music
for all brings us together and that
experience is shared socially and
musically playing with the finest
musicians in the country see nothing you
can imagine so this is the first time
they've actually had a chance to work
and play together
pop pop pop that's got to be with the
band okay
the music experience is not only the
experience of the music but it's also
the experience of being around talented
musicians and sharing your own personal
experiences which creates the music for
all jazz band experience not only are
you playing this music that's just
incredible you're learning from other
musicians who have been playing longer
than you and you get to you get a learn
stuff
as jazz has so many different styles
incorporated into it that I can say in a
whole manner away and music for all has
given me an opportunity to talk with
other people and that's what we're doing
when we play these songs and we solo
when I'm playing what's on the chart
we're talking to each other music is
music and whatever you do you do it with
passion and you do it with conviction
but it's a huge opportunity and it's
like opening up my future for me like
right in front of my eyes I can say more
through this instrument than I could say
in any amount of works and so I kept
practicing and practicing and my mom
would say you know it's 2 o'clock in the
morning it's time to go to bed please so
then I would move this island practicing
you know the most powerful words are the
ones you don't say and with jazz
unless you're singing you're really not
using words oh you just have to lay it
out on the table you have to pour out
your emotions like nobody's business you
just have to open up everything about
yourself to play great jazz but when you
really get with players that not playing
it super passionate and just a way of
life I mean your soul flies free with
better means that's great there's
nothing on the page that's that's just
black notes on a white piece of paper
it's all here or you know perhaps in a
room and you just have to let the music
speak to you the people that I do talk
to and connect with it forms those
lifelong connections and people from all
across the nation different backgrounds
different schools even different ability
levels it really just forms those
connections and allows people just kind
of feed off each other people who are
really passionate about what they do the
coolest vibe I've ever felt like the
rhythm section was just like killing it
it was like that was the most fun I've
ever had on stage like ever there are
only a few occasions where talented
musicians from all over can come
together and play and this is one of
those unique experiences I want to
inspire other people to to take this to
the next level because it's a lot of fun
the hard work really pays off so it's
time to get people practicing again
because this is what's possible when
they crack
if we don't share our knowledge about
this music the music dies music is a
unique experience in itself and the more
experiences we gather in our lives
playing music the more we have a rounded
picture of what the music really is
nothing screams satisfaction like
working hours upon hours I mean eight
have eight and a half hours of rehearsal
day and then finally doing that one
amazing concert I mean it's rejuvenating
it's fantastic
it was the hangar